README.md, before:

# BGWpy Tutorial #

This repo contains a tutorial for running BGWpy as a Jupyter Notebooky, as well
as a simple toolchain to generate a static website based on the notebook.

We have chosen to use `mkdocs` and the `Material` theme to maximize
compatibility with the main BerkeleyGW online documentation.

# Requirements #

The following are needed to generate the static website for this tutorial:

- mkdocs
- mkdocs-material
- nbconvert (part of the Jupyter ecosystem)
- GNU Make

The requirements for running the tutorial are contained in the tutorial.

# Installation #

Type `make` in the root directory.  The website will be generated into the
`site` subdirectory.

# Notes #

Please do not modify the Markdown version of the tutorial directly.  It should
be autogenerated via the nbconvert utility; we version control it here for
purposes of publishing to GitHub pages only.  If you need to make changes to the
tutorial, modify the Jupyter Notebook instead.

If you are viewing this website from your local filesystem, you will need to set
`use_directory_urls: false` in the <mkdocs.yml> file to properly view all
webpages other than the main page.

Commit message:

Add full website to version control
It appears the only way to serve a website using GitHub Pages as a free
customer is via README.md or index.html in the root directory of the
repo.  Thus, I've added the built website to version control and a
simple redirect to that website.

Now that the website is fully generated via the build system, I've taken
the intermediate Markdown version of the tutorial off version control.

README.md, after:

# BGWpy Tutorial #

This repo contains a tutorial for running BGWpy as a Jupyter Notebooky, as well
as a simple toolchain to generate a static website based on the notebook.

We have chosen to use `mkdocs` and the `Material` theme to maximize
compatibility with the main BerkeleyGW online documentation.

# Requirements #

The following are needed to generate the static website for this tutorial:

- mkdocs
- mkdocs-material
- nbconvert (part of the Jupyter ecosystem)
- GNU Make

The requirements for running the tutorial are contained in the tutorial.

# Installation #

Type `make` in the root directory.  The website will be generated into the
`site` subdirectory.

# Notes #

GitHub Pages requires that personal pages be hosted from the root folder of the
repo, with no option to use the `gh-deploy` branch or a subdirectory (that's for
paying customers).  To get around this, I've added the `site` subdirectory to
version control and created a simple `index.html` file in the root folder that
redirects to the `site` subdirectory

If you are viewing this website from your local filesystem, you will need to set
`use_directory_urls: false` in the <mkdocs.yml> file to properly view all
webpages other than the main page.
